Specification:

School scheduling
Students will log in to access their calendar.
They will be able to enrol in courses adding specific in-class times to their calendar.
They will add tasks with a specified number of hours they would like to spend working on it, how long a work entities.session should be, and a time/date by which they would like it to be complete.
A calendar will algorithmically scheduled

Entities:
User (Student)

A User class sets up a class (parent class) to store personal information of the user.
Also, the class should be able to store the username and password information that belong to a specific user.
Student is a child class of user that has attribute related to courses. The program can enrol the student to a course
and store what courses they are enrolled to.

Course

A class that stores different types of events (test, assignment, reading, lecture, tutorial) that belong in
the same course together. You can add the events to the course or remove them from the collection.

OurCalendar (daily, weekly, monthly)

A class that can generate a calendar for the given year and month.
It allows the program to add events to the calendar which will get updated on the calendar immediately for the event's
date. The program can also check for the conflict and update the conflict related information such as if there exist
any conflict or what are the events that are conflicting. The program should also allow the removal of the event from
the calendar. The class should be able to tell calendar related information such as the number of days for the month.

Event (with children assignment, reading, etc)

An Event will be a parent class for all the event related classes (assignment, reading, test, project, etc).
Event related classes should be able to store the start time and end time information (along with unique ID And name).
Also, they should be able to tell the length of the event.
They should be able to check with other events to see if there will be conflicts or not.


Assignment

Assignment is a child class of Event.
It should be able to store the number of hours needed which will be ideally determined with an algorithm through machine
learning with a collection of data (initially will be manually input by the user). It will collect number of hours spent
by the user.
The assignment class should give out the due date information along with the work session length.

Reading

TO BE DISCUSSED AND IMPLEMENTED

Test

TO BE DISCUSSED AND IMPLEMENTED

Tutorial

TO BE DISCUSSED AND IMPLEMENTED

Labs

TO BE DISCUSSED AND IMPLEMENTED

Others

TO BE DISCUSSED AND IMPLEMENTED


Interfaces:

Fluid



Repeatable





AutoSchedulable


Use Cases:

StudentManager

StudentManager should be able to create/add a student class and store them with their ID.
It allows the comparison with the username and password and should be able to give a prompt that if the user (student)
is the right user or not.

CourseManager

CourseManager should be able to collect all the courses and provide with information
(all the events) related to a chosen course. Once the courses are set, the class should enable the student to know what
courses they are enrolled to. The program should enable addition or removal of courses from the collection as well.


CalendarManager

CalendarManager can set up a 7 months of calendar (3 month future, current month, 3 month past) that can be viewed
as monthly (entire month), weekly (7 days starting from the chosen date) and daily (chosen date only). Program should
enable users to add Event on any of the 7 calendars with their choice or remove from the calendar with their choice of
date as well. The calendar should be able to notify any conflict information that could exist for the chosen month.
The class should also provide methods that can output information of added events' names and
timelines for the chosen month.

EventManager



Controllers:

MainController

MainController should be able to compile all the other controllers and run each of the controllers in the
appropriate steps. LoginController to ask user to log in -> Provide choices to the user to choose (such as add event,
remove event, change profile, view calendar etc...) -> Event Controller to add or remove events or StudentController
to modify the user information etc...
The mainController also accesses StudentController with the saved date to prompt the log in information or write a new
log in information using IOSerializable.


EventController

EventController should give out the options for users to choose (add or removal of the events etc...). Will get inputs
from the user to create the right type of event and store it into the appropriate calendar via scheduling. Depending on
the implementation, the class should perform certain algorithm (i.e. spread the event throughout the month or week)
to effectively schedule the events and give out satisfying result.

LoginController

LoginController allows user to input their username and password. The class compares the information and determine if
a user has provided with the right information. The class should also be able to provide with an option to sign up for
the user and store the data by passing it to the StudentController.

StudentController

StudentController class should allow the access to StudentManager for creation of new student profile. It should allow
the user to modify their profile or username and password. It should also retrieve every student related
saved data that were stored before. The controller also should enable the user to set up the preferences regarding
their scheduling (i.e. avoid certain times or dates)

Gateway:

IOSerializable

Serializes and deserializes information stored in file about students, their events and calendars. It should be able to
be updated as the actions happen. The file should be saved in the protected area with security.
*** Note that importing entities into gateways is not clean architecture, but we implemented our code to be that way.
This is necessary because we need to type cast the read object as an ArrayList<Student> when deserializing the file.
This could change through code optimization or new insight for later phases of the program. ***

Presenter:

CalendarPresenter

CalendarPresenter class should be able to display calendar to the user. The image must be visually satisfying and easy
to understand. Depending on the implication, the displayed calendar should give out options
that link to the controllers.


How the program should run:

When the main body runs, it will run the main controller which will compile all the other controllers and run them
in order of the information provided by the user. If the user had already provided some information before, the stored
data will be recalled from the ser file stored and create the initial set up.

Each controller will do their tasks (mentioned above) to fulfill the user's task such as add an event to the calendar,
modify their profile etc... The user should be able to see the updated calendar as a result. For the assignments or any
other events that need multiple hours of preparation, the program will spread the estimated workload (initially gathered
from manual inputs but later create good estimations depending on the data stored) along the calendar before the due
date while following the user's preferences. Once the performances are done, the user should be able to see the updated
graphical calendar. The information will be stored for this user and will be recalled in the future again.
